view.rst: first-pass revision (with `Kokkos_Views.hpp` in hand) (#383)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/core/view/view.rst

Header File: ``<Kokkos_Core.hpp>``

Description
-----

Kokkos View is a potentially reference counted, multi-dimensional array (up to eight dimensions), with compile-time layouts and memory space.
Its semantics are similar to that of ``std::shared_ptr``.

Interface
---------

.. code-block:: cpp

>     template <class DataType [, class Space (required)] [, class ArrayLayout (optional)] [, class MemoryTraits(optional)]>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    template <class DataType [, class Space] [, class Layout] [, class MemoryTraits]>
```
`Space` is not required, "[" implies optional.

.. |LayoutStride| replace:: :cppkokkos:func:`LayoutStride`

Template parameters other than ``DataType`` are optional, but ordering is enforced.

> That means for example that ``Layout`` can be omitted, but if both ``MemorySpace``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That means for example that ``ArrayLayout`` can be omitted, but if both ``MemorySpace``
```
or keep it as `LayoutType` or `Layout` but it needs to be consistent.

and ``MemoryTraits`` are specified, ``MemorySpace`` must come before ``MemoryTraits``.

* ``DataType``:

  Defines the fundamental scalar type of the ``View`` and its dimensionality.

>   The basic structure is ``ScalarType number of STARS, number of BRACKETED items`` where the number of STARS denotes

Reviewer: It's not relly the number of STARS here but really the STARS themselves, right? I liked the previous version better.

Author: Correct : )

  the number of runtime length dimensions, while the number of BRACKETED items defines the compile-time dimensions.

>   Due to C++ type restrictions runtime dimensions must come first, and runtime dimensions cannot be interspersed with compile-time dimensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Due to C++ type restrictions, runtime dimensions must come first, and runtime dimensions cannot be interspersed with compile-time dimensions.
```

  Examples:

  - ``double**``: 2D View of ``double`` with 2 runtime dimensions

  - ``const int***[5][3]``: 5D View of ``int`` with 3 runtime and 2 compile dimensions. The data is ``const``.

>   - ``Foo[6][2]``: 2D View of a class instance ``Foo`` with 2 compile time dimensions.

Reviewer: `Foo` really is the class, not the instance.
```suggestion
  - ``Foo[6][2]``: 2D View of type ``Foo`` with 2 compile time dimensions.
```

* ``Layout``:

  Determines the mapping of indices into the underlying 1D memory storage.

>   If no layout is given, it can be derived from the memory space associated with the execution space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If no layout is given, the default layout for the memory space associated with the execution space is used.
```

* ``MemorySpace``:

>   Kokkos Views store data in Memory Spaces.

Reviewer: Do we really want to mention/duplicate `Kokkos` all the time?

  If omitted as a template parameter, the default memory space of the default execution space is used (i.e. ``Kokkos::DefaultExecutionSpace::memory_space``)

.. _Atomic: ../atomics.html

.. |Atomic| replace:: :cppkokkos:func:`Atomic`

* ``MemoryTraits``:

>   Memory Traits specify how a data structure is accessed in an algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  MemoryTraits specify how a data structure is accessed in an algorithm.
```
or
```suggestion
  memory traits specify how a data structure is accessed in an algorithm.
```
?
